c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStoreMVC.dll.config
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStoreMVC.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStoreMVC.pdb
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Infractructure.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Model.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Service.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Infractructure.pdb
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Model.pdb
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Service.pdb
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\obj\Debug\OnlineStoreMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\obj\Debug\OnlineStoreMVC.dll
c:\users\trung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\obj\Debug\OnlineStoreMVC.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStoreMVC.dll.config
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStoreMVC.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStoreMVC.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Infractructure.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Model.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Service.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Owin.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Infractructure.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Model.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Service.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\obj\Debug\OnlineStoreMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\obj\Debug\OnlineStoreMVC.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\obj\Debug\OnlineStoreMVC.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStoreMVC.dll.config
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStoreMVC.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStoreMVC.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Infractructure.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Model.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Service.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Owin.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Infractructure.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Model.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\OnlineStore.Service.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\obj\Debug\OnlineStoreMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\obj\Debug\OnlineStoreMVC.dll
E:\FreelanceProject\OnlineStoreMVCGit\OnlineStoreMVC\OnlineStoreMVC\obj\Debug\OnlineStoreMVC.pdb
